Session 1 -> Woot Woot

Beat the wolves not specifying how in case want to pick it up later

having dinner with the people whelton
celebrating the clearing of the wolves
hot spicy soup
tyllis is more out of sorts than usual
wayward travelors outside the halls
threatening and extorting people that pass by
several people failed to get rid of them
no armed conflict
just a stern message sent to them
wants them gone by dawn
must deliver the message imediately after dinner
sent towards a hill near the road
maybe about a dozen men or women
gathered around bonfire
well spirited drinking the night away
loads of horses
no gaurds
large man introduces himself as staunomeir
invites him to drinking
urges everyone to sit around the fire and have a drink and listen to the story
spits wine into fire in order to tell the story
came from anctient land
forced from their homes
wounded solider staggered into camp they saved him
protected him with their lives
curse fell upon their prince turning him into a tyrant
want us to go to borovia
madame eva "knows all"
travel by cart and horse several days travel
set off riding in the carts and towards borovia
no children in the group with us
spread the word of the vistani love for all people of the world
main purpose is to seek individuals could be a help
magically teleported into misty land of darkness and death
all my stuff got bye byed
headed to the left
encountered some human children
trees are reaching down for me
children ran away
claw marks on the trees slashes
seems that children have vanished
moved through gate could not be moved with 21 dc strength check
magic still working
making an encounter with two same children
saying monster in house
does not know what it looks like
parents keep monster trapped in basement
rose and durst thorn little brother walter is still in house
wet hay stable sections are empty no signs of life
rats in the tool shed off to the right
they found a spade
metal chains old oak doors large foyer
clean rug fancy fixtures nice paintings nice shield
stain glass windows
moving through the doors there is a nice main hall
spiral stair case
long sword on the mantle above fireplace
nice paintings lining the walls
another fireplace in front of us
elegant hall
music titled song for elizabeth
when music played ghosts dance
small dog under the piano begins to take kindly to party
appears to be starving
named lancelot
another sheet music 
boartans words cna open the wayward
small rock collection
recipets for candles
history of paradron (member of the party)
mirror with eyes
crib
room grows cold
whisper dont wake the babby
marget the specter doesnt want to wake walter
she takes care of the children
goes more on about the children
two empty vanities
nothing of value
unsent letter in the jewlery block
My Dear Mrs. Petrovna,

Your advice on dealing with the unwanted fiend in my home is quite good advice indeed. Tonight's ceremony will proceed as planned when the moon is at its highest peak - without, of course, the attendance of Mr. Durst. I must agree with you that, with the assistance of such a remarkably innocent subject, the results of our proceedings may be far improved. “Innocent," of course, is not quite the term I would use. 

If nothing else, I am relieved that I shall soon no longer have to suffer the harlot’s insufferable presence each time we must pass through her quarters to our meeting-space. We shall be well rid of her indeed.

My Thanks,
Mrs. Elisabeth Durst

mr durst hung in the closet

My Beloved Children,

I wish I could do what all fathers do and tell you that monsters aren’t real. But it wouldn’t be true.

Life can create things of exquisite beauty. But it can also twist them into hideous beings. Selfish. Violent. Grotesque. Monstrous. It hurts me to say that your mother has turned into one such monster, inside and out. And I’m afraid the disease that afflicted her mind has taken hold of me as well.

It sickens me to think what we’ve put you through. There is no excuse. I only ask you, though I know I have not the right to do so, to try and forgive us. I despise what your mother has become, but I love and pity her all the same.

Rose, I wish I could see you blossom into a strong, beautiful woman. Thorn and Walter, I wish I could be there for you. But I can’t. This is the only way.

Goodbye.
